Support domain sockets (#1359)
yuzutech/kroki: docs/modules/setup/pages/configuration.adoc

`KROKI_LISTEN` also accepts IPv6 enclosed within square brackets (`[` and `]`),
for instance: `KROKI_LISTEN=[2001:db8:1f70::999:de8:7648:6e8]:1234`.

> `KROKI_LISTEN` also supports UNIX domain sockets by prefixing `unix://` to a path, for example: `KROKI_LISTEN=unix:///var/run/kroki.sock`.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: we might want to avoid the repetition here and say:

```suggestion
In addition, `KROKI_LISTEN` supports UNIX domain sockets by prefixing `unix://` to a path, for example: `KROKI_LISTEN=unix:///var/run/kroki.sock`.
```
